Public Preview docs changes (#3705)
astronomer/docs: astro/ci-cd-templates/github-actions-deployment-preview.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

:::tip

> The Astro GitHub integration is a new way to automatically deploy code from a GitHub repository to Astro without needing to configure a GitHub Action. See [Deploy code with the Astro GitHub integration](deploy-github-integration.md) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
The Astro GitHub integration is a new way to automatically deploy code from a GitHub repository to Astro without needing to configure a GitHub Action, allowing you to see Git metadata directly from your Astro Deployment. See [Deploy code with the Astro GitHub integration](deploy-github-integration.md) for more information.
```

> The Astro GitHub integration is a new way to automatically deploy code from a GitHub repository to Astro without needing to configure a GitHub Action, allowing you to see Git metadata directly from your Astro Deployment. See [Deploy code with the Astro GitHub integration](deploy-github-integration.md) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
The Astro GitHub integration can automatically deploy code from a GitHub repository to Astro without you needing to configure a GitHub action. In addition, the Astro UI shows Git metadata for each deploy on your Deployment information screen. See [Deploy code with the Astro GitHub integration](deploy-github-integration.md) for setup steps.
```
